refactor: add `includeCount` option to `em.findByCursor` (#4626)
mikro-orm/mikro-orm: docs/docs/entity-manager.md

As an alternative to the offset based pagination with `limit` and `offset`, we can paginate based on a cursor. A cursor is an opaque string that defines specific place in ordered entity graph. You can use `em.findByCursor()` to access those options. Under the hood, it will call `em.find()` and `em.count()` just like the `em.findAndCount()` method, but will use the cursor options instead.

Supports `before`, `after`, `first` and `last` options while disallowing `limit` and `offset`. Explicit `orderBy` 
option is required. It also supports the `includeCount` (default to true) option. When explicitly set to false, 
entity manager will perform a `find` instead of `findAndCount`. The cursor `totalCount` will be set to null instead. 
This can be used as a performance optimization to avoid an expensive SQL count query, when knowing the exact number 
of pages is not important.

> 

Reviewer: remove all the line breaks

  after: { id: lastSeenId }, // entity-like POJO
  orderBy: { id: 'desc' },
});

const currentCursorWithoutCount = await em.findByCursor(User, {}, {
  first: 10,
  after: previousCursor, // cursor instance
  orderBy: { id: 'desc' },

>   includeCount: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  includeCount: false,
```

    User { ... },
    ...
  ],

>   totalCount: 50, // always null when `includeCount` is set to false

Reviewer: this should be `undefined`, not `null`
```suggestion
  totalCount: 50, // not defined when `includeCount` is set to false
```
